If you've followed along this far with the learning path,
you know that Globomantics has gone a long way towards
adopting IaC principles with the AWS CDK.
In this new scenario,
Globomantics has just acquired a boutique software
development company called TechStream.
Let's see how that impacts their business.
To this point, Globomantics has achieved a higher level of CDK and IaC maturity.
If you remember from the first few courses,
they first migrated all their assets to AWS,
first as a proof of concept, and then ultimately,
after those proofs of concept,
they fully embraced the cloud in their organization.
They then embarked upon a key project for the organization to build a
document management system through the CDK using Fargate,
Lambda, and API Gateway, and several other resources.
TechStream is a highly advanced boutique software
development company that's built dozens of enterprise‑grade
applications in varying industries.
It goes without saying that they're masters of mobile
technologies, front‑end tech such as React,
Angular, and have a strong node presence for building microservices.
However, as strong engineers, they're not overly skilled,
or staffed, for that matter, at building reusable,
efficient infrastructure.
They run many client systems through on‑premises data
centers and follow many anti‑patterns of old,
holding back their ability to more efficiently manage platforms.
They've always been interested in the cloud but haven't had the time
to investigate the most appropriate way to begin.
As a result, their infrastructure takes a monolithic approach,
with single environments overly sharing web servers,
application servers, database clusters, among other layers.
So Ellen, the CTO, and Josh, the cloud architect at Globomantics,
have a new challenge on their hands.
However, instead of simply building CDK constructs as they have in the past,
the organization wants to take this as an opportunity to
begin embracing a stronger sense of reuse.
To further this necessity,
the CEO has announced that another similar
acquisition is not far off in the distance.
To get started,
Ellen's given Josh the direction to lift and shift a portion of the
current TechStream infrastructure as is to AWS.
Josh was able to accomplish this within a week,
at which point he used CloudFormer to assemble the
resources in CloudFormation. Josh, being crafty,
used the CDK disassembler to disassemble the CloudFormation JSON
into one monolithic level‑one set of constructs.
So here,
Josh and Ellen find themselves with the daunting task of
building reusable CDK constructs in the process of integrating a
first‑phase portion of TechStream's infrastructure. Where in the
world do they get started?
To make matters worse,
the announcement made by the CEO is putting pressure on them to engineer a
construct library to take principles of reuse to the next level.
By the time we're done with this, Ellen says,
we're going to be able to take on any acquisition.
As a final sentiment,
Ellen wants to fully embrace the strong development
skills of the TechStream engineers by empowering them to
keep doing what they're good at,
with the satisfaction that their work can easily be
deployed n just about any configuration.
So to summarize,
the new GTS entity is first moving a portion of their systems to AWS,
and then specifically they're moving into CloudFormation.
Where they're stuck is building the reusable CDK assets with
the most efficient patterns possible.
Before we dive into learning about responsible stack patterns,
let's take a look at the demo materials we'll be using for the course in the next clip.